GOALS:


cloudinary picture upload
app.update
edit/delete route
display users personal information on profile page. 



event page is always revealed*

make everything responsive*

HOME PAGE
	-description about what the web app does
	-style
	-sizing

CREATE PAGE
when a user logs in, nav bar is revealed*
	-
	-


PROFILE PAGE
when a user logs in, nav bar is revealed*
create edit profile 
	-bio
	-profile picture
allow user to upload images
	-cloudinary
events will be carousel


EVENT PAGE







style 
	- css/bootstrap
	-responsive



















	SUMMARY
	A web application where users can see spontaneous events. 
	You can open the application and see events happening at any time of the day
	I always found myself bored with nothing to do to around town.
	I did not want to go to scheduled events.
	I did not want to join meet ups or clubs. 
	I wanted to go to events to kill time for a couple hours or even minutes.
	Great for people who want events to go to without a plan


	EXAMPLE
	celebrity walking around downtown.
	exotic cars driving around
	a fight at a bar
	wierd out of the ordinary things 




	DEMO
	sign up
	profile
	upload image
	create an event
	see the event on the events page
	log out


	WHAT AM I MOST PROUD OF
	Having the user create a profile where they can upload a profile picture. Also when they create an event. it automatically saves to their profile. Multiple users.


	THE MOST CHALLENGING
	Calling the cloudinary API. I could not get the user to upload images and have it display on the profile page. 
	I found out that I needed to do currentUser.avatar instead of user.avatar

	fixing errors to my database. when I did my create routes I forgot to call my users.id for creating events.


	IF I HAD ANOTHER WEEK
	implement an edit button to edit the user's bio.

	add a delete button to delete the user's events on their profile.
	or
	have events auto delete itself after the end of the day or within the user's given time.

	instead of the google static image. I would rather have it be a streetview of the location or have the user upload their own pictures.

	add a carousel to display the users created events instead of a scroll box

	add another api (meetup, foursquare)

	style more





